fliter: different filter will retain different detail of an image. For example, 
a high pass filter will ratain tthe smaller detail in an imagine and filter out the larger one
while a low pass filter will ratains the larger details.

Blurring: is to make something less clear. This can be reducing the detail of an image
(like using the filter or kernal) or distort the detail. Applying a low pass filter is
 prerceived as a blurring effect. For examplem A gaussian blur is a filter using the Gaussian kernel

 kernels: can be use to implement a filter on a imagine. It is a small matrix combining with imagine
 using a mathemetical technique called convolution. A kernel have different sizes, shape and contents,
 and each verssion produce a different product. A kernel can be thought of as a small image in itself,
 it favour features of a similar size and shape to the image.

 GaussianBlur(src, dst, ksize, sigmaX):
 scr is the input(image)
 dst is the output image
 ksize is the size of the kernel
sigmaX is the direction the kernel will go horizontally
gaussian blurringis the result of blurring an image using a gaussian function. it is widely used effect
in graphic software, typically to reduce the noise of the image and reduce the detail. It is also used
as a preprocessing stage before applying our machine learning or deep learning models

cv2.medianblur(src, dst, ksize)
scr is the input
dst is the output
ksize is the size of the kernel
median blur is a non linear digital filtering technique. It is used to remove noise from an image or 
signal. it is widelyuse in digital image processing cause, under certain condition, it preserve the 
while removing the noise. It is one of the best algorithms to remove salt and pepper noise

cv2.bilateral filter(src, dst, d, sigmaColor, SigmaSpace, borderType)
src is the input
dst is the output
d is the variable of a integer representing the diameter of the pixel neiborhood
sigmaColor is a integerrepresenting the filter sigma in the color space 
borderType is a interger opject representing the type of the border used
bilateral filter is a anon linear edge preserving and noise reducing smoothing filter for images.
It replace the intesity of each pixel with a weighted average of intensity value from nearby pixels.